this group of Texas A&M students have
become a national sensation with their
incredible basketball trick shots take a
look this is the cliff jump shot they're
incredible right something's in bogus
millions have watched and now on Fox and
Friends dude perfect will debut a brand
new trick shot Tony Tyler I'm sorry
Tyler Tony and Cody Jones from dude
perfect join us live from Dallas guys
you know well let me ask you this that
bet shot that Cliff shot you just showed
us how many attempts for that one well
the cliff shot um I went ahead and took
that one in
we don't really count I don't remember
how many times I went out of the water I
came back up but the main thing of it is
when you're shooting you land right in
the water before you make it and so you
have no idea when you come up to the
surface you just see this either dead
quiet and awkward or everyone's cheering
so what I found was I finally surfaced
every was yelling and stuff you guys
really got famous with that Texas A&M
shot at the stadium and that was the one
that was so unbelievable to folks in
fact most like my co-host here think
there might have been a little trick
film in there but you want to debut a
new shot today and it's the i-beam shot
tell us about it before we see it uh
yeah the i-beam shot was one that Cody
did and and we were doing this whole
production with GMC and he was up on
kind of a high-rise building that was
unfinished and there was a I beam
hanging in
you know midway in between him and the
goal and and the goal was below him and
so he actually dropped it off the
high-rise hit the i-beam and then it
went into the goal from there all right
let's see this one here it is the debut
on Fox and Friends this is the i-beam
shot
what's apply no whoa guys how do you
guys do these also well what's this a
degree unbelievable
well good a lot of hard work and
dedication and patience would definitely
be key whenever you're trying to make
these shots do you guys have an
engineering degree or is this just just
something you guys do for fun well we're
all kind of scattered a lot of people
think we plan a ton of these shots and
most of it is we go to a site we just
kind of look at this scenario and where
we're at and kind of just figured out
from there and just kind of wing it and
so there's not a lot of a lot of
planning speaking of winging it one that
another another one that it's amazing
you made a shot from an airplane and the
amazing thing is you did it
twice the first time wasn't closed here
is the second time an amazing shot from
an airplane watch oh my gosh you guys I
can't believe this there's no funny
editing here Cody
there's really not Tyler it was real
funny because that he gets up in the
plane and it starts raining it's real
windy and he flies over and it's our
first shot of the weekend and he shoots
and it's 40 feet off just a joke of a
mess I'm like wow this is gonna be an
all-day event and the plane circles
around comes and we're yelling at Tyler
like yeah let go let go shoot it and he
lets go and it just switched so we were
just baffled erupted in celebration it
was unbelievable oh my gosh we are
baffled Tyler Tony Cody Jones they are
dude perfect dude you guys are amazing
today thanks for being here thank you
appreciate it guys thanks for having us
on